# Detection-of-Autism
Data Science helps within the recognition of scanned images to work out the defects during a physical body for helping doctors make an efficient treatment strategy. These medical image tests include X-ray, sonography, MRI (Magnetic Resonance Imaging), CT scan, and lots of more. Computer Vision (CV) has helped the medical field diagnose broken bones, blood clots, and even cancerous tumours.Convolutional neural networks (CNN) have enabled significant progress in speech recognition, image classification, automotive software engineering, and neuroscience. This impressive progress is essentially thanks to a mixture of algorithmic breakthroughs, computation resource improvements, and access to an outsized amount of knowledge. Autism, also called autism spectrum disorder(ASD), may be a complicated condition that has problems with communication and behaviour. It can involve a good range of symptoms and skills. ASD are often a minor problem or a disability that needs full-time care during a special facility. People with autism have trouble with communication. they need trouble understanding what people think and feel. This makes it hard for them to precise themselves, either with words or through gestures, facial expressions, and touch. People with autism may need problems with learning. Their skills might develop unevenly. for instance, they might have trouble communicating but be unusually good at art, music, math, or memory. due to this, they could do especially well on tests of study or problem-solving. According to the WHO, ASD affects one child in 160, and these children often present with other conditions like depression, anxiety, and a spotlight deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). In recent years, the utilization of CNN has attracted tons of attention within the field of classification and representation learning. CNNs are powerful classifiers with high accuracies in many applications with many free parameters. Also, CNN models have higher accuracy for feature extraction and may handle many free parameters. The CNN model includes different parts like an activation function, convolutional layers, fully connected layers, normalization layers, and pooling layers. More children are diagnosed with autism now than ever before. But the newest numbers might be higher due to changes in how it’s diagnosed, not because more children have a disorder.
http://localhost:8888/tree/Downloads/main_project/CODE
